\section{Introduction}
Parallel computation has changed the field of Computing.  In the 90s,
most processors had single cores. In 2016, most processors have
multiple cores, often 4 or even 8. Cluster computing further expands
the potential of parallel computation, where one can easily launch a
processing job using hundreds or even thousands of computers in a
cloud. Computer Vision is not an exception in exploiting the powerful
parallel computation. However, in many Computer Vision problems,
state-of-the-art algorithms are still inherently sequential. Take a
Fusion-Move algorithm (FM)~\cite{viktor,second_order_stereo,else} for
example. FM was first introduced by Lempitsky et al. in solving an
optical flow problem. FM allows one to customize domain-specific
proposal generation schemes to boost convergence. FM has been a very
successful optimization framework in solving many challenging problems
in Computer Vision such as optical flow~\cite{viktor},
stereo~\cite{second_order_stereo}, or image segmentation~\cite{some}.
In general, Computer Vision researchers and engineers consider FM to
be a very slow algorithm due to its sequential nature, that is, often
required to fuse hundreds or sometimes thousands of proposals one by
one. This paper will propose a {\it Parallel Fusion Move} (PFM) method
that can instantly speed-up any optimization problem based on FM via
parallel fusion of proposals and solutions.

Our idea is extremely simple. Instead of keeping and refining one
solution via fusion, we keep and refine solutions in multiple threads
(or computational nodes) independently, while sharing their best
solutions for mutual benefits. Note that one can seek to parallelize
the core optimization libraries such as Graph-cuts~\cite{},
TRW~\cite{kolmogorov}, or QPBO~\cite{} to achieve similar
speed-up. However, these core optimization libraries are often very
complicated and used as a complete black box. Some libraries are
provided only in a binary form, especially commercial
packages. Furthermore, this library modification cannot benefit from
higher level parallelism through distributed computer nodes.
\yasu{Mention that existing fm only does binary solution fusion. We
  does multi-solution fusion. This overlaps withour cvpr16, but is
  probably ok by citing the paepr.} This paper will propose a novel
Parallel Fusion Move method, which fuses solution proposals in
parallel. Our framework can exploit parallelism from the levels of
threading to the levels of computer nodes. The idea is very simple and
can immediately benefit every Computer Vision researcher or engineer,
who currently uses fusion move algorithm to solve challenging
problems. \yasu{So far, we only say parallel. Hopefully, more
  interesting things will come up through experiments and we have more
  to say. For example, it would be cool if uniform model is better
  than pure master-slave. Then we can write that ours is not just
  parallel. But keeping multiple solutions somehow benefit (GA/GP
  algorithm's ideas).}

